EIP-2602: Disable null hash message verification for ecrecover precompile (#2602)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-2602.md

---
eip: 2602

> title: Disable null hash message verification for ecrecover precompile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Disable null hash message verification in the ecrecover precompile
```

Since you use this wording below.

author: Wei Tang (@sorpaas)
discussions-to: https://github.com/sorpaas/EIPs/issues/10
status: Draft
type: Standards Track
category: Core 
created: 2020-04-15
---

## Simple summary

Disable null hash message `ecrecover` operation in the precompile, due to it being potentially unsafe.

## Abstract

In `ecrecover`, disable null hash message support by acting the same as the operation fails.

## Motivation

In secp256k1, null hash message verification is unsafe because an adversary can [forge the signature](https://crypto.stackexchange.com/questions/50279/how-should-ecdsa-handle-the-null-hash/50290#50290). Many libraries also by default disallow verification of null hash message. By disabling null hash message verification, we avoid potential misuse of the precompile.

## Specification

> In the beginning of execution of `ecrecover` precompile, fetch the message and check if it is equal to null hash (`0x0000...0000`). If so, set output length to `0` and return.

Reviewer: Can this specification a bit more extended? Should clarify if "message" here means a part of the input to the precompile or the entire input?

Also probably spelling out the entire hash is fine as that would signal how many bits it is (256?).
